Director Zhang, please go to work first
He won't doubt me, will he?
He's really not Doudou Daddy
There are really two identical people in the world
Hunan cuisine is terrible
town court
Ah, what are you shouting?
I warned you.
Stop using those dirty tricks
You fell on deaf ears
Don't think I'll like you if you do this.
Zhengting brother
i
Brother Zhengting, I was wrong.
I just want to use it this way
To strengthen our relationship
I don't think ginger cabbage suits you better than me
But you only see him
Never why should I
On character, ginger cabbage is kinder than you
He is prettier than you in terms of appearance
On Fashion Design
He crushes you everywhere
He's better than you in every way
Why do you say
You are more suitable for me than him
Am I that bad in your eyes?
Right
In my eyes
You are nothing
Natural jealousy
repeat teaching
I gave you a chance
You didn't cherish it
Leave the Gu family immediately
Leave Story Group